Featuring brooklyn zoo sunz of man
12 o'clock shorty shit stain

[Ol dirty bastard]

See let a nigga come through with that bullshit
Anytime you pop that shit nigga
I'ma tell you you can suck a dick you can suck a pussy
I know it'll come to what? say what?
Now i'ma let all you motherfuckers know
See them knows that this is something you can't fuck
Whether you from brooklyn, whether you from manhattan
Always
You from queens nigga, i don't give a fuck, where you be motherfucker!
Where you reside... motherfucker! how you live? how you seeeeeeee...

Sort the stack outs, this one's the blackout
Three-fifty-seven to your mouth, blaaow!

[Buddah monk - brooklyn zoo]

Dunn can you hear me? raw is how i'm inflicting this
It's that g type slang that makes this real sickening
Ignite my styles i got my hand pon the trigger
Starts from the smallest and hits the bigger nigga

[Prodigal son - sunz of man]

Yo, straight actin live about them hellfires
A known mental killer, or thriller, assassin of terror
The hot bloody fatal mixture of carbonate water
Homicidal manslaughter, death is the order start the mission
Travel like the speed of wind
Through the valley of sin, i step to ville and murdered many man
Serving justice in my vicinity

[Zoo keeper - brooklyn zoo]

(This is, brooklyn, zoo!)
Za-za-za, za-za-za
Zuh-za-zah, z-zz-zz-z-z-zz-zz-z-dah-duh-dnn-duh

[Murdoc - brooklyn zoo]

I get down i get down i crack your fuckin crown
Lay around and watch some real niggaz break ground
I can't shop cuz every bro blowin up the spot

Hit rocks and niggaz know

[Killah priest - sunz of man]

Yo! niggaz grab the mic like the bites of a scorpion
Nervous, that's why the zoo brought me in
Now bring em forth, like the tortures at the courts
Before the case begin, first break me in
His brain! and make sure he can't maintain the calmness
Ya harmless, watch how i bomb this
Stage like, mail, pre hands that be the move
Now your posse is your fuckin platoon
Stale cells, just flows through the air
I'm like a ninja, once i send ya down stairs
Then i get furious, imperious, the lyricist
With the cleverest rhyme
Erupt to deduct your fuckin mind

[12 o'clock]

Fuck shit up on the hurry-up
Known for burying ducks through more styles than a muck
Warning you chump, brain is out for lunch
Given the power punch, soon to be paid like donald trump
Never fall victim to no bitch
Jerked my dick, but still got more hoes than a pimp
And score more points than shawn kemp
Keepin powerfully strong like the center on the knicks
Hut one, hut two, hut three, hut!
Ol dirty bastard live and uncut

(Shame on a nigga who tried to run game on a...)

[Shorty shit stain]

Got more props than the president
My hardcore represent, blowin niggaz back who never had this
Cause i'm gifted, so you can get wrapped
The shit i'm kickin, send it to your moms for christmas
And tell her shorty shit stain sent it
Soon to have more green than the jolly green giant
Cuz niggaz rap styles just down is aspired
You shoulda stayed home instead of picking up a microphone
But if you wanna run on up, like you tough
I call your bluff, and blow you down with my hardcore
Stuff, i shine like twenty-four carat

[Ol dirty bastard]

Roll and stroll with the party scene
Nigga wanna know me as mr. clean
Wza-wza-wza-wza-wu-tang, flip the script and
Test my skill niggaz, you're trippin
Drugged up from sniffin, you're the one who's riffin
I'm not opie, save that old shit for andy griffith
Start to flip, slip, cuz you're slippin
While you sleep i be the god on point, with scottie pippen
As i, jump on stage, flip rip a show
Strip and rip a hoe, wayyy like bo
Jackson while i'm still taxin maxin
Relaxin sittin back sellin good tracks and
Again and again when i rock the jam
Wanna see em up in the air! throw up your hand
Introducin, one-man band in town
It's wild, with the style couldn't stand nigga
When the jump, stepped, to the center
Of the rhyme inventor, mc's come at the
You get dap slapped, across the mc map
Your ass that's your ass, on a whore shot
Come on through i black and blue your whole crew
Then i get rudy with the hong kong foo
Ol dirty bastard, mc killer
Money maker, brooklyn, challenger
That i lay down like towel
Then i get higher!

[62nd assassin - sunz of man]

Here comes the illlll, type ruffer
Style be untouched i'm leavin broken down grammars on the pen
Who who what? what brings it? tighter than your anus
Chambers this name is for the deepest trainers
Keep it stainless, steel, on time it is the windmill
Deadly venom kills, at the last of the sam's mill
62nd, nucleus, attack on your set
Hit you with the blast (yo close the door)
Shabazz!
*Gun blast*